Zigbee: Samples: add nrf5340 NCP samples (#5347)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/zigbee/ncp/README.rst

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52840dongle_nrf52840, nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf21540dk_nrf52840, nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp

> ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` is only for development use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` is supported only for development.

Communication through USB
-------------------------

> You can change the communication channel from the default UART to nRF USB by using the :file:`overlay-via-usb.conf` overlay configuration file, adding the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG='overlay-via-usb.conf'`` flag to your build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the communication channel from the default UART to nRF USB by using the :file:`overlay-via-usb.conf` overlay configuration file and adding the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG='overlay-via-usb.conf'`` flag to the build command.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: Remove this blank line.

See :ref:`cmake_options` for instructions on how to add this flag to your build.

> For example, when building on the command line, you can do so as follows:

Reviewer: What is the procedure when using SES? It is still the default platform and we need it covered.
